[Tile Engine] Add benchmark for tile engine (#2135)
ROCm/composable_kernel: tile_engine/ops/gemm/README.md

# GEMM Matrix Multiplication

Use the files in this folder to generate and build applications that run Matrix multiplications using ck_tile programming based on the kernel parameters mentioned in the config file.

# Gemm Problem

User needs to provide gemm problem such as datatype, layout in the config file. For reference please see `./configs/gemm_problem.json`.

# Kernel Configurations

> User can provide kernel configuration such as tile size, warp size, padding, pipeline, scheduler and epilogue in the config file. For reference please see `./configs/user_provide_config.json`. The Tile engine also has default kernel configuration to expand the range of kernel configuration which is saved in `./configs/default.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User can provide kernel configuration such as tile size, warp size, padding, pipeline, scheduler and epilogue in the config file. For reference please see `./configs/user_provide_config.json`. The Tile engine also has default kernel configuration to expand the range of kernel configuration which is saved in `./configs/default_config.json`.
```

Author: Done

          -n    The value for n dimension. Default is 4096.
          -k    The value for k dimension. Default is 2048.
   -stride_a    The stride value for tensor A. Default is 0.
   -stride_b    The stride value for tensor B. Default is 0.
   -stride_c    The stride value for tensor C  Default is 0.
    -split_k    The split value for k dimension. Default is 1.
          -v    The type of validation. Set to 0 for no validation, 1 for validation on CPU, or 2 for validation on GPU. Default is 2, validation on GPU.
     -warmup    The number of iterations before benchmark the kernel. Default is 50.
     -repeat    The number of iterations to benchmark the kernel. Default is 100.
      -timer    The type of timer. Possible values are gpu timer or cpu timer. Default is gpu timer.
       -init    The method of tensor initialization. Set to 0 for random, to 1 for linear, or 2 for constant(1). Default is 0, random.
     -metric    Metric with which to measure kernel performance. Set to 0 for latency, 1 for tflops, or 2 for bandwidth. Default is 0, latency.
   -pipeline    The type of pipeline. Possible values are compv3, compv4 or mem. Default is compv3.     

>    -epilogue    The type of epilogue. Possible values are cshuffle or default. Default is csshuffle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -epilogue    The type of epilogue. Possible values are cshuffle or default. Default is cshuffle.
```

Author: Done

      -pad_m    Whether pad or not in m direction. Possible values are true or false. Default is false. 
      -pad_n    Whether pad or not in n direction. Possible values are true or false. Default is false. 
      -pad_k    Whether pad or not in k direction. Possible values are true or false. Default is false. 

> Note: pipeline, scheduler, epilogue, pad_m, pad_n, pad_k should be one of the options specified in instance_combination.json 

Reviewer: Please update this comment as well.

Author: Done

   -stride_c    Tensor C stride (default:0)
    -split_k    SplitK value (default:1)
          -v    No validation: 0, Validation on CPU: 1, Validation on GPU: 2 (default:2)

>      -metric    The metric value of kernel performance - latency: 0, tflops: 1, bandwidth: 2 (default:0)

Reviewer 2: The way this reads is that it's setting a metric value (as in SI units) for kernel performance, so it doesn't ifit the possible option. I would change this to:

```suggestion
     -metric    Metric with which to measure kernel performance. Set to 0 for latency, 1 for tflops, or 2 for bandwidth. Default is 0, latency
```

Reviewer 3: (DRY principle) It looks like this is the section of the README.md is a duplication of output copied-and-pasted from the command line tool itself.

As-is, this README.md will need to be updated in lockstep with changes to input params on the tool itself.  A potential maintenance headache.

@spolifroni-amd Any wisdom on how to simplify and avoid this maintenance cost - how do other libraries/projects handle this?

Reviewer 2: In the past I've worked with teams who've kept things like warning/error messages, tooltips, and command line help in their own text files, and then they pull in the content into the code, readme, and doc, so that any updates only need to be done in one place. That might work for you also.

Reviewer 2: (It requires some initial overhead costs though)

Author: Done

     -warmup    Number of iterations before benchmark the kernel (default:50)
     -repeat    Number of iterations to benchmark the kernel (default:100)
      -timer    gpu:gpu timer, cpu:cpu timer (default:gpu)

>        -init    Value for initializing tensor - random: 0, linear: 1, constant(1): 2 (default:0)

Reviewer 2: The parameter is a value, but what's really being set is the type of initialization. I suggest:

```suggestion
       -init    Tensor initialization. Set to 0 for random, to 1 for linear, or 2 for constant(1). Default is 0, random.
```

Author: Done
